if it's a quiet night out at the beach
and your ex old lady suddenly out of
nowhere shows up with a story about her
current billionaire land developer
boyfriend and his wife and her boyfriend
and a plot to kidnap the billionaire and
throw them in a loony bin who needs your
help - maybe you should just look the
other way but if you're Doc it may all
start to get a little peculiar after
that Michael Z Wolfman Nicky won't
mickey wolfmann has vanished so where
would I find him heats are technically
Jewish but wants to be a Nazi and a girl
don't necessarily want to get into
difficulties with those folks you're the
Spearfish like a bar mm-hmm well maybe
you're better off with the Nazis whoa
you all right Am I are you
ordinarily we're the ones asking the
questions and your question is which
side am I on
good question wrong answer
chotto kin Ichiro
Dozo moto panic a coup vodka penne keiko
added mother been a cake oh hi hi hi
hae-joo don't know much about history
och may not be a do-gooder but he's done
good
this would be good luck doc coming just
in time for Christmas